Add "Check if TestCafe runs on page" (#26)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: examples/check-if-opened-with-testcafe/README.MD

> # Check Whether Web Page Is Opened With TestCafe

Reviewer: a very minor thing: I guess we shouldn't capitalize `Is` in titles, should we?

Author: I'm pretty sure we capitalize verbs. [Source](https://capitalizemytitle.com/#:~:text=The%20rules%20are%20fairly%20standard,%2C%20coordinating%20conjunctions%2C%20and%20prepositions.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Check whether the web page is opened with TestCafe
```

**Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)
**Tested Page**: [index.html](index.html)

> You may need to make adjustments to your application depending on whether it is tested with TestCafe. This example demonstrates how to let your application know whether it is opened with TestCafe.

Reviewer 2: "You may need to make adjustments to your application depending on whether it is tested with TestCafe" This is an 'empty' sentence, and by that I mean it lacks real meaning. For example, "depending on whether it is tested with TestCafe": this topic is about TestCafe, so why would it depend on this? "You may need to make adjustments": which 'adjustments'? Change options? To be honest, it is difficult to tell what you are trying to say here. Do you need to change your application before you can test it in TestCafe? Why do you need to 'let your application know' that you opened it in TestCafe?

> You may need to change how your app operates depending on whether it is currently being tested with TestCafe. This example demonstrates how to let your application know whether it is opened with TestCafe.

Reviewer: `change how your app operates` sounds like big changes, so it's a bit weird that someone has to make such changes for testing.

Maybe 

*You may need to make adjustments to your application depending on whether it is tested with TestCafe.*

Author: I don't think that's quite true. The user wants their app to behave one way if it's launched through TestCafe, and the other if it isn't. There are no adjustments to the app itself- just to the environment. I suggest we leave this as is.

Or:

> You may need to adjust how your app functions depending on whether...

Author: edited

> The test page includes a `<div>`. When the page opens, a script determines whether the page has been opened with TestCafe. The `<div>` element then displays a corresponding message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The test page includes a `<div>`. When the page opens, a script determines whether the page has been opened with TestCafe. The `<div>` element then displays the corresponding message.
```

> The test page includes a `<div>`. When the page opens, a script determines whether the page has been opened with TestCafe. The `<div>` element then displays the corresponding message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The test page includes a `<div>`. When the page opens, a script indicates that the page was opened with TestCafe. The `<div>` element then displays the corresponding message.
```

Reviewer 2: "displays the corresponding message" Which corresponding message?

> During the test, the `t.expect.eql` method checks the message text.

Reviewer 2: "checks the message text" Checks it for what? What is it looking for?

> During the test, the `t.expect.eql` method checks the answer text.

Reviewer 4: `checks the message text.`

Author: edited

> ## TestCafe Functions and Methods Employed in This Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## TestCafe Functions and Methods used in this example
```

# Check Whether Web Page Is Opened With TestCafe

**Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)
**Tested Page**: [index.html](index.html)

> When TestCafe runs, it exposes multiple variables with internal TestCafe data to the global object. Your application can check if any of those variables are present and conclude whether it is opened with TestCafe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When TestCafe runs, it exposes multiple variables with internal TestCafe data to the global object. Your application can check if these variables are present to determine whether it is opened with TestCafe.
```

This example demonstrates how to let your application know whether it is opened with TestCafe.

> The test page includes a `<div>` with a `<span>`. When the page is opened, a script determines whether the page was opened with TestCafe. The `<span>` element then displays `yes` or `no` accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The test page includes a `<div>` with a `<span>`. When the page is opened, a script determines whether the page was opened with TestCafe. The `<span>` element then displays `yes` or `no`.
```

# Check Whether Web Page Is Opened With TestCafe

**Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)
**Tested Page**: [index.html](index.html)

You may need to change how your app operates depending on whether it is currently being tested with TestCafe. This example demonstrates how to let your application know whether it is opened with TestCafe.

> The test page includes a `<div>` and a `<button>`. When the button is pressed, a script determines whether the webpage has been opened with TestCafe. The `<div>` element then displays a corresponding message.

Reviewer 4: We changed the test logic. Rewrite it.
